Lan Lan
I said I didn't lie to you.
Do you believe it?
Aren't you already able to speak?
Why don't you speak?
You know.
That's not what I want to hear.
Now we have nothing to do with each other.
I don't want to see you again.
Either you go
No, your last kiss
Jiangnan jumped off a building to seek death without compensation
Rescued by an alien mute
Dead or living disease
The important thing is that Konoike has shown his cards
I didn't expect him to care so much about that mute
What aesthetics does the young master of the Lu family have?
How's the arrangement I asked you to arrange?
It has been arranged.
I'd like to see him take over the years of recording
What are you capable of?